this episode of Salmonella Academy is
brought to you by Skillshare hey kid
yeah you I just got off the phone with
the big man upstairs and he told me that
I need to clear a few things up around
here so without further ado here's ten
pieces of malarkey that you might still
be spreading number one nobody was ever
burned to death at the Salem witch
trials of the accused fifteen died in
prison 19 were hanged and one was
squished to death that last one is way
more interesting than any cremation by
the way dude was a badass
his name was Giles Corey he was 81 years
old and so done with the town of Salem's
garbage that he wouldn't even dignify
the trial with the plea
so the town's stuck in between two
boards and stacked rocks on top of him
in an effort to draw out a confession
but every time they tried to get
something out of him all it would say
was more weight this went on for three
solid days until he finally died never
giving any indication as to whether or
not he was a witch one can only wonder
number two the og Buddha wasn't the
obese guy that's boo die a Chinese folk
character meant to represent matreya aka
future Buddha now this shirt is double
sad
number three Buddha wasn't a god either
he was just a guy named Gautama now the
shirt is triple sad number four ever
heard of a vomitorium turns out no it's
not a place where Roman Nobles would go
to make room for more pheasant spleen
and lobster eyelids it's just a big
entranceway to the calcium's that hoards
of peasants would spew out of number
five Washington never cut down a cherry
tree in his youth I don't get this one
at all apparently it's supposed to paint
the man in a good light somehow it's
like Tyler what the hell happened while
we were gone where's the tree in the
front yard oh yeah that was me
got bored just felt like vandalizing
something you know hey what about my
honest character number six the pyramids
weren't actually built by slaves these
workers were respected members of
society they ate meat and worked in
3-month shifts and even got to be buried
right next to the tomb after their death
matter of fact that's more than we can
say for the people working on man's
greatest achievements today if I spend
years of my life
helping to build the space station
you're damn right I don't want the
Salmonella memorial corpse receptacle
floating along right next to it that
would be amazing
number seven the Great Wall of China is
not the only man-made object visible
from space I don't know where you
got this one from first of all
there's no way you could see it with the
unaided eye the wall is like 30 meters
thick at most while the distance to
outer space is generally recognized to
be 100 kilometers up known as the Karman
line to give some perspective that's
like me holding up a standard size
guitar pick from across the entire
length of a football field and asking
you what color it is also there are
plenty of manmade objects that are way
bigger in terms of local surface area
than the Great Wall so even if it was
visible there's no way it would be the
only one number eight you might have
heard this one before you know Hitler
was a jerk you know but hey he made the
Autobahn so at least he was efficient
actually Hitler didn't create the
Autobahn it was already there he just
helped expand it into newer territory in
a similar vein Mussolini didn't make the
trains run on time with most of Italy's
infrastructure repairs happening before
his rise to power in 1922 and even then
they weren't nearly as punctual as he'd
like you to believe so unfortunately
you're gonna have to find something else
to like about these fascists like
Hitler's elegant way of speaking or the
way Mussolini says spaghetti
number nine iron maidens weren't actual
torture devices used in medieval times
basically what happened is some
archeologists in the 1800's saw an old
metal coffin and some spikes and said yo
wouldn't it be wildin if we put these
things up in here so that way if someone
goes in it they get poked in their bits
you are a sick man Cornelius I like it
into the museum it goes at least Iron
Maiden was real
they were as real as it gets still are
don't you forget it number 10 Einstein
never failed math he had mastered both
integral and differential calculus by
the age of 15 99% chance this one was
just made up to make glue eaters feel
better about themselves
well congratulations Dmitri looks like
you failed pre-algebra for the third
time Brady still can't graduate well a
that means I'm still on par with famous
smart science man so
yeah worship me so it just goes to share
that we've all got a lot to learn about
the world around us that's why you need
to go to Skillshare Skillshare is an
online learning community with over
20,000 classes in technology design
business and more
Premium Membership gives you unlimited
access to high-quality classes on must
know topics so you can improve your
skills unlock new opportunities and do
the work you love they've got great
courses in graphic design and animation
which I've clearly already mastered I
mean check this out but I'm sure you
could get a lot of use out of them you
can also learn plenty of more
recreational skills like how to solve a
Rubik's Cube or how to play chess really
well join the millions of students
already learning on Skillshare today
with a special offer just for my viewers
where you can get two months of scale
share completely free to sign up go to
sk l dot s h slash samo again go to sk l
dot s h slash sam o to get two months of
unlimited access to over 20,000 classes
for free act an out for this special
offer and start learning today anyway
until next time i'm salmonella and thank
you for watching
[Music]